Elian Karel ---- top leader of POK
Elodis ---- origin town

====================
CIO: ada compo-corrente
CFO: ingrid barranco
COO: linda lagos(S)
COO: orham srtum
CEO: sten sanjorge jr.
ESA: willem vasco-pais(Environmental Safety Advisor, 360)
	(435)Update, 1:40 PM:  We contacted the office of Willem Vasco-Pais, the GAStech Environmental Safety Advisor.  His administrator very tersely replied that Mr. Vasco-Pais is unavailable and disconnected the call.
	(525)GAStech - the control Kronos was also mildly rewarded. Submitting IPO shows collective $327.25 millions each executive to the group to that of the recently held shares including $96.25 millions for CFO Ingrid Barranco, CIO Ada campo-Corrente, and COO Orhan Strum deserved. The environment consultant of the security Willem Vasco-Pais deserved millions also $38.5.

SECURITY GUARD: Edvard Vann
	(29)Edvard Vann of Abila, was questioned for hours because he shares a family name with several known POK members.
	(49)Unconfirmed reports of a fire at the office may have served as a distraction for the kidnappers or at least contributed to the confusion during the event.
	(125)I have nothing to do whatsoever with any members of the terrorist group POK. I was born here in Abila and I support my government and my president. Being accused and being interrogated for 6 hours as a terrorist POK member is one of the worst days of my life. With some 14 GAStech employees still unaccounted for, one cannot blame the police or the government for not leaving any stone unturned.
	(400)native of Abila

BOSS OF VANN BROTHERS: Resumir
Elian Karel's Neighbor: Juliana Vann
	(17)By the time Elian was 17 many of his family members and friends were battling constant illness, including his neighbor 10-year old Juliana Vann.

APA(Asterian People's Army)
	(234)The army of people of Asterian (APA) is an organization paramilitary that has been contracted the financed activities of the terrorist with its criminal companies, that include drug traffic.  These last years the APA has tried to construct to their trade name with Web site and the publication of a professional compartment, of high called quality "Arise".


(787)Reported missing includes: GAStech President and CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr,CFO Ingrid Barranco, CIO Ada Campo-Corrente, COO Orhan Strum, and Environmental Officer Willem Vasco-Pais.  

(167)Local news organizations have received a ransom note from the POK claiming responsibility and demanding $20 Million from the company.  It is possible additional demands are forthcoming.


