;
1997
Henk Bodrogi, a farmer who had joined the group after his wife had become ill with ethylene glycol contamination.
Served in Kronosian military.
Carmine Osvaldo, serve the military with Bodrogi.
Jeroen Karel and Valentine Mies had been conducting research and found a GAStech waste. They brought their discovery to Bodrogi, who had just returned with Osvaldo from their attempts at resolution in Abila.
To bring clean water to Elodis and clean up the contamination in the River. Bodrogi and Osvaldo form a social movement organization with an identity brand and a specific agenda as a mechanism for interfacing with the government of Kronos.  The group chose the name “Protectors of Kronos” and developed a logo consisting of an open right hand rising from the land on a black background.
Osvaldo contacted Wellness for All(WFA). WFA tested water from the river. The results gathered attention in the media and brought new members.
With increment of members, Osvaldo and Bodrogi turns to Jeroen Karel.
Henk Bodrogi, Carmine Osvaldo, Ale L. Hanne, Jeroen Karel, Valentine Mies, Yanick Cato and Joreto Katell. 
Armed with WFA test results, Bodrogi and Osvaldo sought to meet GAStech to discuss the issue. Able to meet with Hank Fluss, GAStech's Chief Operating Officer. Fluss said he will discuss with CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr but no response.
Osvaldo and Bodrogi make numerous meetings with low-level government functionaries and many peaceful rallies in front of the capitol.
;
1998
Marek was the leader and co-founder of a small environmental activist group, Save Our Wildlands, which formed at the University of Abila in 1998.
Lucio Jakab was a member and co-founder of a small environmental activist group, Save Our Wildlands, which formed at the University of Abila in 1998.
Juliana Vann, the 10-year-old girl who died in 1998 after an illness related to drinking contaminated water from the Tiskele River.
This event also brought the first serious schism in the POK.  Valentine Mies suggested using her image as a rallying point, but Bodrogi and Yanick Cato were steadfastly against this approach.    After Mies negotiated approval from Juliana’s family, Bodrogi and Cato relented and the POK began using what would become an iconic image of Juliana smiling down over a daisy, tinted in Warhol-esque colors.
Isia Vann, an Elodis native, is the older brother of Juliana Vann. Forceful.  He has been arrested several times for civil disobedience and trespassing during POK rallies.
Jeroen Karel stepped into the role as recruiter and personnel organizer.
;
1999
POK are recognized as a formal SMO, and moved their primary lobbying efforts to the capital city of Kronos.
Minister of Health, Cesare Nespola.  Nespola investigated the POK claims and eventually grew concerned enough that in July 1999 he sponsored a bill to create an additional tax on oil and gas development, the funds from which would be specifically earmarked for health care and clean water projects in rural areas.
;
2001
The tax measure was defeated in March 2001, and Nespola died soon after. Nespola’s successor, Vincent Kapelou, the 28-year-old nephew of President Kapelou, was less sympathetic to the POK’s plight and refused to re-introduce the tax measure to the General Assembly.
The group turned to protesting at the entrance to the government-controlled Tiskele Bend fields in August 2001 in order to refocus attention on their cause.  The protest was successful, and became the first of many POK public protests. Elian Karel was heralded as a hero for preventing further violence during the protest.
After the successful protest, Henk Bodrogi, who was suffering from health problems related to the Tiskele River contamination, decided to step down as leader of the POK.  Bodrogi chose Elian Karel, a young charismatic man, as his replacement. Within one month of Henk’s departure from the POK, all of the other original seven members of the group also quit and returned home to Elodis.
;
2002
Karel recognized that the POK needed to expand its membership if it were to survive and he focused his efforts on recruiting additional members in Abila. He proved to be a persuasive recruiter and many small activist groups joined forces with the POK.
Karel shifted the POK’s mission to include concern over government accountability and corruption.  This additional focus aligned with popular concerns of bribery and fraud, and won Karel additional supporters.
;
2004
Mandor Vann, uncle to Isia and Juliana Vann, has been with the POK since retiring from the Kronos military in 2004. As the POK member with the most experience in government, Vann has become the group’s top political strategist. POK members have great respect for Vann and describe him as intense, intelligent, organized, and ambitious.
;
2005
Elian Karel recruited Marek and her group to join the POK in 2005.
Jakab and the other members of Save Our Wildlands to join forces with the POK in 2005. Jakab is responsible for many of the handbills, signs, banners, and slogans used by the POK.